# 2024-08-30

## If only it was a factor of effort


Early in my life there was an expectation that if I only put forth effort then great things could happen in my life. This is sort of true with the biggest issue being that the level of effort I've had to put forth has been massive and with very little success or changes on the other end. I've been extraordinarily disappointed in how I've been able to make progress on important aspects or personal interests in my life. Ranging from body building and athletic fitness, to music, to my professional life.

I've been strength training and altering my diet for years and yet I still can't seem to hit various goals. Size goals. Ab goals. Running goals. Cycling goals. Yet I run two times a week, trainer one to two times a week, and strength training 4 times a week. That's 7 workouts a week at least. Then there are the changes I continue to make in my diet. More protein, less carbs, less sugars, and yet the changes I've seen are minimal. 

I went for a run in Ohio this past weekened. It was a route I had taken many times before when I lived there and my expectations were that it should feel fairly easy or at least my time should be quicker. I have been running two times a week here, a faster run, and a longer run. Plus at least one trainer session. Also I've been doing this all at a much higher elevation (COS - 6k and Divide - 9k). But the run was hard and my time was crap. 

When I was working on music consistantly right before the Ironman jounrey, I was working so hard on songs to perform but they always turned out just ok. I was still nervous at open mics and my level of performance was just ok. I was putting in hours on this with very little progress. 

Because of that experience, my motivation is starting to deflate, and the ideal that you can do anything you want and achieve success now feels like a falsehood. My excitement for life and it's possibilities has diminished.

It's like my life has become smaller and I find myself turning to simple monkey brained activities for comfort. What pushes me further into this direction is how disappointed I am in people. As a child I had a wide net of people that I thought cared about me and that mattered. As someone close to 50 years old, that radius is so minuscule. I used to be a person that invested my heart and spirit into people that I believed in and that touched my life. Now most relationships are shallow and worthless.  

<br>

## Where do I go from here? 

The quick answer is that I don't know. I could consider: 

1. Altering my expectations - Write smaller achievable goals in my areas of interest
1. Altering my schedule - Is there a way to hijack my extra time that I spend in meaningless things and redirect it to either goals or activities I have to do? This is where I can look into why I get distracted (Project Jewel).
1. Theology - Look into Stoicism as an approach to life and relationships

Lets consider those items and make them actionable for the remainder of this year into next year.