# 2024-10-24

## A life never lived

There's possible branch to my life that was pruned when I was 17 years old. Like a phantom limb, that non-existant life can ache and cause me discomfort. 

I have frequently called loudly to God in my inner voice

**Why did such a connection even exist at that elemental level where it has never had a chance to bond and flurish?**

I recently saw a video of S___ and something occured that I did not expect. 

I did not recognize her voice

I could not glean any emotion from her

I could not read her heart

I could not see her soul 

For the first time I got a sense of how I mean nothing to her. I am a stranger on the street, I am a person with evil intent, or worse yet... I am no one to which she has any consideration for. 

---

I have never been able to let her go. I have always thought there was a true piece of her beating heart that belonged to us. Does such a fine line exist between obession and soulmates? 

It's as if I must strangle a part of me until no legs are left to twitch and no breath is left to breathe

I am 47 years old and yet a 17 year old is still on pause inside of me

God -- Can you give me the strength to walk away? Can you show me how I can close the door to this version of me that loves her? 

Should I use anger? Should I use wisdom? Can I use you? 

This forever phantom limb leads me to believe I am walking with two legs where I have one

---

I will never have that moment 

I will never have a last look

I will never have a last touch of her hand

I will never have that blending of souls

I will never look into her eyes

I will never have a life with her - This has given me forever agony


<br>

## Use this as a turn into glorous art

I don't think that I can make the turn into a committed artistic mindset without making a suicide of my former self. 

God might have heard my weak prayer about trying to move forward. I think that he might have told me in a quieted voice that I must sacrafice a true and pure version of me in order to become something new. 

I do believe that I must create new declarations so that I can crawl and fight to this level of self actualization that I've always believed was possible. 

What I can do: 
- Stop looking for her in a crowd
- Stop looking for her in an airport
- Stop wondering
- Stop the selfmutilating thoughts that do nothing but slay your heart