# 2025-03-04


A little more hopeful today. But my Lord I still fall into the same traps:
1. Get watching videos on whatever and it puts me in a terrible mood
1. It takes everything just to turn my attention to something else

Things around SWY are a little better. Had a dream about her the other night. I would've normally seen it as some sort of sign, but this time around I just knew it meant nothing. 

I have acknowledged that a few things have punched me in the stomach around this topic which has brought about some change. 
1. Around 2024-03 I sent a request to her LinkedIn. I had this feeling that all she needed to see was an invite from my, an olive branch, and she would grab it. I thought this would be some small way that I could have a friendship with her. Almost like an acknowledgement that things are in the past but we can have some connection. However I received nothing back from her. No response. I let it hang out there for about 10 days. In that time she did approve other requests. I know this because her connections increased. I rescinded the invite and was actually hurt from it. 

1. I found a video of her. Yes an actual video of her talking. What happened was that I didn't recognize her voice. I didn't. No lie. It was like I just didn't know her and therefore do I now at all? I don't know this person. Also her reponse seemed very robotic and I found nothing of the person I thought I knew. 

1. "And then there was a third thing" - This I actually am fuzzy on. I believe it was around the idea that in college, when I was in Canton, I of course couldn't drop the thought of her. When I transfered to Fredonia and I saw her the first time in a hallway, I later found out that she was sick to her stomach after that. To this day that thought makes me terribly sad. Her first instinct wasn't how much she misses me, but it was how I was revolting to her. Yes later on we did connect and it was different. Not my point. It occured to me that I am her "Matthew". By Matthew I mean Deb's ex-husband. He's that person that you would never want to hear from. I believe I'm that person for SWY. This is again a devastating thought to me. I thought I was different. I thought we were different. Sitting with this thought has felt like something inside me has died. 


I have always thought that I would see her again. It was meant to happen. I have thought that all that was needed was to send a message or a sign that I was here. I thought it just needed more time. Or that our paths were meant to cross again. But I am Matthew. And that makes me still so sullen. 

I will continue to try using these morose milestones as fuel. Create more. Express more. I will also continue to try to honor my life and relationship with Deb. Current pictures of SWY just bring sorrow. I don't know her and she doesn't want to know me. 

I had another quick thought:

I believe it's possible to replace these depression revelations with something real. Real content, real accomplishments. What I mean is turning to the things that I have done and continue to do. What is real: 
1. Gym workouts
1. My performance / strength / body gains
1. Running
1. Bike riding
1. Trainer sessions
1. Song writing
1. Woodshed
1. Ironman
1. Triathlons

These are real items that have happened and have happened because of you. Remember these and continue doing them. 