# 2025-03-12

## How to Accept my Faults | Work around them

Maybe the way I've been thinking about how I can't move past or through my faults is the wrong approach. Maybe I'm swimming too much upstream and expecting the stream to change direction. 

It makes me think of Dan who I worked with at Pharmacy Choice. It was his nature to work later in the day, like I'm sure from 2pm and on. He would try to show up and be productive in the morning but that never seemed to go well. Or he would just call in and say he wouldn't be in until later (or something like that my memory is a little fuzzy).

My tendency is the same. My mornings suck and around 2-3 then I get serious but then I'm completely down on myself for not being productive in the morning to the afternoon. Am I just fighting a losing battle? I've been fighting it with no success whatsoever. Then I feel like I've failed again. Then I'm trying to play catchup, and then it even affects my attitude toward the gym (at least I think it does).

So... if that's the case, what can I change to make me understand I'm not going to be productive until later? Also how should I then approach the morning? What else can I do that would make me feel like I'm not a failure?






### Side Thought

I wonder if I could think the same way about SWY. I always feel like I fail when I think about her. That's not to say there aren't things that I can avoid. But what happens if I just accept my nature? 





### A Thought about my Music + Music Career

Can you answer what you're looking to get out of it? Could it be:
1. You write music
1. You share that music
1. You share that music w/ the biggest audience that you can

I might be able to think about this when I struggle with how to wrap my head around it





### Poetic Thoughts

Will the stream change direction?

From against to with